# Tutorial 4 Submission
## Cadence Yeung (300125035)

## Chapter 7
This chapter discusses how to avoid backlogs with the use of a strategy called the "Betting Table". Here, the team is able to avoid the inefficiencies and wasting time with backlog systems and instead have stakeholders convene every 6 weeks to decide which pitches and/or revived ideas they want to pursue. The Betting Table process minimizes the number of options that we need to consider, which leads to more productive meetings, which also take less time to conduct. The ideas that weren't selected are discarded, so they no longer need to be tracked and the team does not need to spend effort to maintain a backlog. In addition, this decentralized approach allows for teams to independently track their ideas, which allows for more fresh and relevant conversations about what to prioritize. The Betting Table emphasizes timely and good decision-making, ensuring that the important ideas resurface naturally, while not having to worry about maintaining a centralized backlog.

## Chapter 8
This chapter elaborates on the Betting Table strategy. This strategy involves a 6-week cycle instead of two weeks, which allows for more meaningful work to be done and also reduces the planning overhead. After each cycle, there will be a 2-week cooldown period which allows for reflection and to address any issues that arise. The project team consists of designers, programmers, and someone to handle QA. These individuals either work on one project for the entire cycle or on multiple smaller projects. 

During the Betting Table process, the top-level stakeholders will decide which projects to pursue. These projects are called "bets", since they will involve commitment, a specific payout, and a cap on the potential downsides. It is also important for project teams to have uninterrupted time. They also need be able to handle bugs within the framework and be able to bring these bugs to the betting table, or schedule a dedicated bug-fixing cycle. This chapter also suggests using the cool-down period. This approach's objective is to maximize flexibility and responsiveness to changing priorities.

## Chapter 9
This chapter talks about how project expectations and approaches are different based on the situation of your product (if you are building a new product within a 6-week cycle framework, or improving an existing one). For existing products, the shape up process involves: shaping the work, making a bet, and expecting the team to complete and ship it during the cycle. For new products it's a bit different. We have: R&D mode, Production mode, and Cleanup mode. Each of these modes have their own distinct shaping, team composition, and goals. R&D focuses on the experimentation and spiking key pieces of a new product idea. They don't expect immediate shipping either. Production resembles work on an existing product, with clear shaping and shipping goals. Cleanup comes before the launch of the product and prioritizes addressing unforseen issues and making final decisions.

This chapter also talks about questions that should be asked when we are considering which projects to bet on, like the importance of the problem, the appetite for the solution, the attractiveness of the solution, the right timing, and the availability of the right team members. After the bets are determined, a message will inform the team of the projects that have been selected and which teams will be working on them.